Updates to cluster profiles (#1721)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/profiles/cluster-profiles/cluster-profiles.md

## Profile Layers

> Each cluster profile layer provides a specific functionality. Profile layers can be packs, Helm Charts, or custom manifests, as described in the table. It is possible to add a pack multiple times to the same cluster profile. To learn more about this scenario, review [Deploy Same Pack to Multiple Layers](../cluster-profiles/create-cluster-profiles/duplicate-pack-in-profile.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each cluster profile layer provides a specific functionality. Profile layers can be packs, Helm Charts, or custom manifests, as described in the table. Adding a pack multiple times to the same cluster profile is possible. To learn more about this scenario, review [Deploy Same Pack to Multiple Layers](../cluster-profiles/create-cluster-profiles/duplicate-pack-in-profile.md).
```
More of an active voice.
